hey guys it sorry for the quality of
this video we've left it like incredibly
late so it's kind of like indeed are
really dark but we decided that we
wanted to do this food challenge as well
and we did a video up on Richards
channel that I'll link you to in the end
so basically we've got six nice
ingredients we've got cake strawberry
sauce marshmallow fluff raspberries
strawberries and vanilla ice cream and
six awful ingredients which is milk
coffee fish jelly baked beans peri-peri
sauce brown sauce and sweet corn and
milk will be the basis for everything so
write everything down we've got it in
this little Bowl I'm really nervous
sorry I'm just really doing you go first
beans beautiful a little bit and like
I'm looking for the whole cannon but I
know being in there what's this juice Oh
mr. chief is gonna go in there oh yeah
it is oh yeah oh yeah mm-hmm I know
that's enough okay oh no this one
dripping on cold beans as well not more
you're gonna hold it for me yep hey no
really nervous it's really windy as well
sorry you get so nice I hope against a
bit nice sweet calling I could be worse
it could gobble it's not that bad I
don't mind she cron waits for me to put
these in now oh oh oh it's all the juice
okay that's fine right yeah it is your
tip you pick one out at the same time
okay with what we do this at the same
time now quick fire round would you go I
got cheese I can't believe this oh dear
this is game come alcohol is that okay
but hey oh that's horrible say what I
shot this a lot earlier but because I've
over here for a day that's well more
than enough i'm just putting severe
while talking cuz only every day we
denounce Oh strawberry sauce in truth
right Hitler get go to Oh mine's all
stuck together
coffee strawberries well how many
stories isn't any I got a poor hand for
him to get rid of season that's you know
okay what if it's sure just like I put
all this coffee I'm yeah cuz it's one
pocket business oh no again yep oh no
really care what the ranch nun jus sauce
I hate this I hate this or so much I'll
big guys know what oh no i don't i
really did what I put this oh no no no
no but ok let's go let's go let's go I
really don't want to do this fluff
marshmallow fluff fish yes yes you're
gonna put the fish that way let's just
share that officially oh please poor
dice born out I'm so glad I didn't get a
fish and so gotta get a fish I'm gonna
quit like one little spoonful of n you
know I putting a blade in Oh bud
obviously no harm with this oh it stinks
cake what raspberries we miss you wanna
wait are we missing one what's that ice
cream ice cream and another bad one
since we just thought I screaming both
of them yeah I'm gonna put in mine
anyway melon melon ball and vivillon I
can't believe this none of us have won
this challenge because it's just the
West de what does that mean I win you're
missing the knife on this challenge here
we go Oh
goodbye Brown okay we're gonna leave it
that I'm having the smaller glass by
looks really nice mine Luke's brown it's
cuz im a pro so I put so many
strawberries in this your looks nice
it's all bits of sweet code in it oh my
god I feel sick or I do Donna that
smells okay smell good but wait nobody
summer summer it's installing night no
it does not three two one go get
strawberries nobody's take the taste
away so how much very very Souls there
is it bad oh my god I'm burning you
should try mine oh I could I'll be up to
taste oh yeah oh my god handsome strong
drinks for this how did you drink some
of mine no chance this time I'm not
drinking some of yours I just let no
lips I'll take a sip of this if you
drinkin for that but you're not alive
foods do you're gonna hate the taste of
stories cuz that is just strawberries
yeah but smells like favorite soft 3 1 3
2 1 go
well thank you for watching no I'm not
that good we hope that you enjoyed that
because we certainly didn't I which what
did you think was worse I don't know any
try yours try mine dry vibe I've got ice
cream at the ready Geneva GT we drink it
she tasted it and they just spouting all
out your tastes have launched a
peri-peri sauce I thank you for watching
guys and I hope you enjoyed that because
it was disgusting and we obviously
didn't I feel there's a water and I feel
like I'm gonna be sick you've gotta get
the train home oh god I raphy started
the traders guide yeah if the aftertaste
kicks it halfway home I swear to God so
we made a video of him Richards channel
overdid the cotton ball challenge and he
hasn't seen the footage at until he had
its it yeah so click on his face to go
to that and i will link down there for
iphone users and stuff whoo we hope you
enjoyed it and I will see you guys when
I next see you again sorry about this
video quality it's a bit oh yeah but
thanks a lot for watching guys we'll see
you for the next video bye I'm fall on
me I feeling it fall on me forget it
you've had 30 seconds oh no Baba